This file describes how to configure and customize avida runs.  The work
directory has all of the configuration files in it.  To find out how to
install avida on your system, read the INSTALL and README files.

Currently these files are:

  * genesis		The main configuration file for avida; this file
			allows you to setup most of the parameters for the
			environment of a run, how long to make the run,
			what statistics to take, and which of the other
			configuration files should be read.

  * inst_set.xx.<name>	Several different instruction sets come with avida.
			These are named such that xx is the size of the
			set, and <name> is an identifying name.  The
			instruction set used is listed in the genesis file.

  * task_set		This file lists the bonuses given for different
			tasks.  It is not reccomended to be changed at this
			point...  (though it does work properly, there is
			just not much to it).  Alternative filenames can
			also be specified in the genesis file.

  * creature_bank/	This directory contains potential creatures to
			insert into an avida soup.  The initial creatures
			are listed in the genesis file.

Avida will produce a number of output files when you run it.  The *.dat
files give the status of specific variables at specified intervals during
the run (set in the genesis file).  For more information about what
information these files contain, see the graph.guide file.

The *.log files keep track of every time certain events occur.  At the
moment, these files are only interesting for the purpuses of replaying
a run (This may change soon).

Finally, the genebank directory is where the code for creatures is printed.
In the genesis file, there are a number of setting which require that either
threshold creatures, dominant creatures, or species are printed, and this
is where they are put.  Note that this directory fills up *FAST* so watch
out when printing genotypes.

See the Avida Users Manual for more detailed information on both the
configurations files and output files.
